Create algorithm SANSILLParameterScan (#28976)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/algorithms/ConvertSpectrumAxis-v2.rst

not found (i.e. if the instrument definition is incomplete) will not
appear in the output workspace.

> Inplane2Theta associates to each detector the 2theta value of its projection on the horizontal plane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
InPlane2Theta and SignedInPlane2Theta return the 2theta value of the projection of the pixel on the horizontal scattering plane.
```
